NMS-8567: PassiveStatusd Daemon Doc (#5164)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/daemons/daemon-config-files/rtcd.adoc

[[ref-daemon-config-files-rtcd]]
= Rtcd

Calculates the availability percentages displayed on the {page-component-title} home page.
This daemon checks the database and updates availability data by sending REST calls to the server.

IMPORTANT: {page-component-title} comes with a local `rtc` user account.

> This account is used by rtcd for sending updates, and is only granted access rights for updating RTC data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This account is used by rtcd to send updates, and is granted access rights only for updating RTC data.
```
